OK so I decided to come back and add some more stuff to this section here.
So if you guys remember endangered auctions for this lecture for this second year I showed you when
we were over they like buy and when we are logged in that you know it was a tool to like us some type
of message saying that we like this before.
So I want to show you how to do that dynamically.
You know booster has a class and a couple of data attributes that allows us to do that.
OK.
I mean if you look it up let's see let's get this out of here we don't need that no more.
Let's go to bootstrap for a quick bootstrap tool.
I think I've done this in a course before maybe another one I don't know when the number three.
OK because that's what we got in the but anyway I'll just look it up.
This is number three.
OK.
So it's a plugin you add some data and you execute it.
Something like that.
OK let's do that.
See if I remember how to do this.
Now we just look at the communication.
So in the Allaman where we want this to be implemented we have to create some data attributes or something
like that right here.
Some attributes like that.
Let's just put this down a little bit.
I'm going to even pull down that BHB there.
It's like that everything.
And so here I want to start targeting that button.
OK.
So the first thing that we need to do is have some type of toggle.
Data toggle and data toggle this tool.
Title.
OK.
I think I got it down.
So that's the first thing we do.
They're data and you guys can post this video and try to do that yourself.
OK.
So the data toggle
in mine still inside this link.
No I'm not.
Whoops.
This is a Tref.
This is what I need right here.
So data toggle and this is just has to be tool tip.
OK.
Just for your information.
And the other is the data placemen we can't.
We have they to please men and I don't think my idea is going to help me with this.
I know we have a data placement because this is where I want we can put this anywhere we wanted the
bottom the left or right whatever another data place meaning is on top.
That's what I did in my order application which I don't have with me crazy.
I should have it and title.
What is the of that we want to display.
So this one could be a matter of fact.
Let's use this guy here.
And here instead of like what we can say is I liked this before.
Just like we had in the you know them all.
And what is this like here.
One to like it
ok.
Nice.
So once it's done now we're not done with this functionality now.
The next step is to activate this.
OK.
So we need to go and activated where we have javascript because that's how we do it.
We will strap if everything is working in your app right here and when we are making sure that document
is loaded we are going to target this with Jay Querrey and we are going to say at one time get this
attribute called Data toggle.
If I'm not mistaking OK but make sure you toggle the data toggle that has the value of.
As a matter of fact we can just do a double say
the value of to tip.
The fact is I don't think this is works like this.
I think it's inside here.
We'll find out in a minute if it works too.
OK.
So that said that and there is a function attached to this Nabel shrub allows us to use cold today.
And that said I think I think I'm doing it right.
Let's find out guys.
All right.
I know some of you get upset when I say that all couldn't do it right.
Come on guys pull my mouse over it.
There we go.
Look at that.
You see it.
Want to like this.
Click it.
And now I should say something different like this before some guy.
So that's an extra thing for you guys.
Remember to organize your code a little better than me.
Make your comments.
Tie everything up more so that way your application is looks nicer.
You know your code looks nicer and you don't have all the developers screaming at you because your code
is all messed up or something.
OK.
So you can encloses this if you want
gracious it will work the same ok but
will go you know just double check it to see if it works guys.
OK.
Like for example make sure that you open your console and refresh like that's working pretty awesome
when you think OK.
All right we're done with this guys.
So make your career your requests.
If you if you're having any issues in the course entirely please.
When you when they create some type of announcements on the list you can mention aid when help me out.
You know I'm having like big issues in this you know so that way I can you know I've got thousands of
students so it's hard for me to actually know that everyone is making a mistake even if my assistants
tell me sometimes they might skip it too.
So I would like to know if you have any issues but don't Crowl the announcements or anything like that.
You can also send me a private message if it's something personal to you or project or something like
that.
If I have time I can help you all.
Thank you so much and I'll see you on the next lectures.